>> Will Sentance: Welcome to Node,
the hard parts on servers and
the most powerful
technology to have emerged
in the last ten years in web Node.js.
My background, there we go.
There it is.
I run CodeSmith, a coding school based
in Los Angeles and New York, and online.
I created Icecom, a library for
WebRTC back in the day,
was this software engineering gem.
There's my wonderful family,
my wonderful sisters.
That's the CodeSmith
team from the wall back.
That's our old LA office, so
these pictures are super up to date,
each of them at least three years old.
There we go.
So Node.js,
I would say the most powerful technology
to emerge in the last ten years.
It's going to allow us to build
applications that enable us
to handle millions of users at once.
Some of the largest companies
in the world therefore use it.
LinkedIn, Uber, Netflix,
IBM all of them use node.
But not only that, Node is going to
allow us to build out applications that
are desktop apps compatible with Windows,
Mac, Linux operating systems.
Slack, Twitch, VS code,
Atom all use Node as part of
this package up electron.
But that's not enough.
We can also use Node to
set up hardware with embedded
systems that use Node as well.
This technology is at the forefront
of what we can do with web, but
perhaps best of all for
us on front end masters.
We can now write applications end
to end from what's known, and
we'll see all about this, the client side,
all the way back to the server side.
All in one language, JavaScript.